Day 1

  My final goal from this training is to become an AI Engineer in the future. To become an AI Engineer there is a pathway that needs to be followed.
  Which is Data Science--> Machine Learning --> Deep Learning --> AI (Artifical Intelligence)
  From that point of view, we are starting to learn Data Science and Machine Learning.
  on Day 1 we just had an introduction to Data Science and Machine Learning. 
  Like what is Data science? How does it work? How it came and everything.

  For this training module, I am using a YouTube playlist from Dr. Nur Al Ahad and his course on Data science and machine learning

video: https://youtu.be/J3Cq8QDdXbA

  This is the video of the first lecture.

  Learning Content on Day 1:

Introduction

The speaker introduces the video as a certificate course in data science learning.
The session will be live for the next 4 hours.
The speaker mentions Facebook, social media influencers, motivational speakers, and social media personalities.
  
Quality Control System 
The speaker uses the example of a car manufacturing company’s quality control system to explain data science.
In a manufacturing unit, there is a systematic process of collecting and analyzing data to decide which products are good and which ones are defective.
This systematic process of collecting and analyzing data is what data science is all about.
  
Machine Learning

Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence that allows computers to learn without being explicitly programmed.
Machine learning algorithms are used to make predictions based on data.
Statistics and calculus are helpful when learning machine learning.
  
Data Annotation and Labeling

Data annotation is the process of labeling data so that a machine-learning model can understand it.
Data scientists spend a lot of time annotating data.
  
Real-world application of Machine Learning 

The speaker mentions an example of how machine learning is used to detect fake social media accounts.
Machine learning algorithms can identify fake accounts with 99.999% accuracy.
  
Statistical Design 

The speaker talks about statistical design which is a field of statistics that deals with planning experiments and observational studies.
There are different kinds of statistical designs such as randomized complete block design (RCBD), completely randomized design (CRD), and Latin square design (LSD).
