on Day 2 the instructor gave us an introduction to some of the Mathematics and basic terms that will be required during this course and further for Data Science and Machine Learning.

Video: https://youtu.be/mFNzmQ_gC2o

Topics Covered:

Types of numbers: There are two main types of numbers: integers and real numbers. Integers are whole numbers (e.g., 2, 3, -5). 
  Real numbers include integers and decimals (e.g., 3.92, -1.2482).
  
Rounding numbers: Rounding is approximating a number to a certain number of decimal places. The rounding process considers the digit to the right of the desired decimal place. 
  Here are the steps to round a number:
Identify the digit to the right of the desired decimal place.
If that digit is 5 or greater, round the number up by adding 1 to the last significant digit.
If that digit is less than 5, keep the last significant digit the same and remove all trailing digits to the right. For example, to round 5.69 to 1 decimal place, you would round up to 5.7 because 9 is greater than or equal to 5.
  
Significant figures: Significant figures are the digits in a number that are considered reliable. 
  Here are the steps to identify significant figures:
The first non-zero digit is always significant.
All zeros between significant digits are significant.
Trailing zeros behind a decimal point are significant only if there is a decimal point and a digit other than zero before them. For example, in the number 2.53, there are two significant figures (2 and 5).
  
Sets: A set is a collection of elements. Sets can be represented using curly braces { } and notation like {x | x ∈ X}, where X is the property that the elements must satisfy to be in the set.
  
Linear Algebra Introduction: Linear algebra is a branch of mathematics that deals with vectors, matrices, and linear transformations.
  
Functions: A function is a rule that associates each element in a set A (called the domain) with a unique element in another set B (called the range). The function is denoted by a letter, such as F, and for each element x in A, the function F assigns an output, 
  which is written as F(x).
  
Relations: A relation R between two sets A and B is a collection of ordered pairs (a, b) where a is in A and b is in B.
  
Power Sets: The power set of a set A is the collection of all subsets of A. The number of subsets of a set with n elements is 2 raised to the power of n. 
  
Domain and Range of a Function: The domain of a function is the set of all possible inputs (x-values), and the range is the set of all possible outputs (y-values). 
  
One-to-One Functions vs. Many-to-One Functions: A one-to-one function is a function where each input is associated with exactly one output. A many-to-one function is a function where one input can be associated with multiple outputs.
  
Linear Regression: Linear regression is a statistical method that models the relationship between a dependent variable and one or more independent variables using a linear function.
