On day 10 we continue learning and discussing about the basics of Machine Learning

  video: https://youtu.be/iwk3O12-B9M

Topics Covered:

The lecture starts with an overview of machine learning, supervised machine learning, and unsupervised machine learning.

Machine Learning


Supervised machine learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset.   
The labeled dataset contains input data and the corresponding output or target variable.   
The algorithm learns to map the input data to the output variable.
Supervised machine learning can be used for classification and regression problems.
Unsupervised Machine Learning

Unsupervised machine learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on an unlabeled dataset.   
The algorithm finds patterns in the data without being given any specific guidance.
Unsupervised machine learning can be used for clustering and dimensionality reduction.
Reinforcement Learning

Reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm learns to make decisions by interacting with an environment.
The algorithm receives rewards or penalties for its actions.
The goal of the algorithm is to learn a policy that maximizes the cumulative reward.
Reinforcement learning is used in robotics and game playing.
Supervised Machine Learning

Supervised machine learning can be used for classification and regression problems.
Classification is the process of predicting a categorical label for a given input.
Regression is the process of predicting a numerical value for a given input.
Examples of classification problems include spam detection, image recognition, and customer churn prediction.
Examples of regression problems include price prediction, demand forecasting, and fraud detection.
Dimensionality Reduction

Dimensionality reduction is the process of reducing the number of features in a dataset.
This can be done to improve the performance of machine learning algorithms and to visualize the data.
Common dimensionality reduction techniques include principal component analysis (PCA) and t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding (t-SNE).   
Conclusion

Machine learning is a powerful tool that can be used to solve a variety of problems.
Supervised machine learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset.
Unsupervised machine learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on an unlabeled dataset.
Reinforcement learning is a type of machine learning where the algorithm learns to make decisions by interacting with an environment.
Dimensionality reduction is the process of reducing the number of features in a dataset
